Profile

 Innovative and creative Technologist armed with over 6 years' digital experience with specialties in mobile apps development, coding, and building web projects. Distinguished for his comprehensive knowledge in creative process, and leveraging state-of-the-art technologies to drive business values forward in advertising space. Proven tech-whiz with an history of excellence in dynamic business environments. Constantly learning about emerging technologies in order to improve on existing systems and processes. Seeking a new role in an agency or a production company.


Skills/Expertise:

Web Development, IT Project Management, Mobile App Development, Solution Deployment, Coding, Business Process Improvement, System Management, Technology Advancement, Clients Relationship Management, Cost Reduction
Digital Marketing, Project Planning, System Analysis, Advertising, Problem Solving, Prototyping.

Technical Know-How:

 Tomcat  Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML4/5, CSS2, 3, Angular.JS, Twitter Bootstrap, EXT JS, Backbone JS, CoffeeScript, Node.js, Require JS, D3 JS, Firebug, framework, GUI, HTML5, jQuery, JSON, SQL, storage, UI, WEB UI, Database Management Software – SQL, ColdFusion 9/10, XAMPP, NoSQL, MongoDB

JETBLUE/MITCHELL MARTIN  							                    August-2016 - December2017
JavaScript Developer
Designed impressive and highly aesthetically pleasing browser-based user interfaces, with a passion for writing awesome code that is well-structured and highly maintainable.
Created, upgraded, and maintained initial wireframe and proposal for an angular 2 version date picker.
Devised solutions to expedite the procurement of required data for unique website architectures comprised of X/HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and AJAX.
Used HTML/CSS and some vanilla JavaScript to mock the functionalities of a simple date picker.
Built a large portion of our documentation with jsDocs which facilitated Business analyst and project manager in properly sharing the architectural designs with business and leadership.
Developed the template using angular reactive forms for a base and then used moment.js to extract the dates.
Discharged Server Side duties (NodeJS / JavaScript ) including using a custom webpack setup to work with angular seed projects, adding loggers and auto code formatting, providing Global and DOM apis using opaque tokens, and adding Basic Omniture analytics hooks, Google-cloud-trace hook and Sentry .

Environment: Angular, AngularJS, WebStorm, oh-my-zsh, RamdaJS, Typescript, Jasmine, Karma, Selenium, Angular redux, Sass, Angular-material, JsDocs, Sentry , Docker, angular-material.

TDAMERITRADE/MPHASIS 								      November 2015- August 2016
Applications Developer
Analyzed and designed departmental systems and consulted with users to determine requirements.
Collaborated with remote teammates daily to support and optimize the UI/UX design across all mobile platforms.
Utilized HTML5, CSS3 (LESS) and Bootstrap to build cutting edge and responsive pages.
Designed Front-side of a website (embedded graphics and interactive documents) using JavaScript, XML, HTML.
Achieved high application performance and customer appreciation by developing shell scripts that solved frequent application hangs.

Environment: DOJO/UI, JavaFX , JAVA UI, JavaScript, Jasmine, SVN, ClearCase  NetBeans.
CABLEVISION - NY

Created templates with mustache, Angular JS and less to create web pages for a fully customized CMS.
Collaborated with remote teammates daily to support and optimize the UI/UX design across all mobile platforms. Designed the RESTFUL APIs that are being consumed by Angular.
Developed fully functional responsive prototypes based on Business Requirements using HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery.
Successfully designed Front-side of a website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.
Increased front-end efficiency by transferring the blogs over to wordpress and brand-associated them with the main site.

Environment: OOJS, Angular.JS, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, Backbone,Grunt/nodejs, LESS, Varnish, Drupal.

KDDIA/CACAMERICA　  								          August 2013 – January 2014
UI Developer/Consultant
Managed the systems development life cycle of assigned projects to ensure comprehensive, timely and high quality outcomes of assigned projects.
Gained a hands-on expertise in Code Object-Oriented (custom) JavaScript, HTML (including XHTML5), and CSS (including SASS) utilizing native ECMAScript standards as well as jQuery (1.8), PrototypeJS (legacy code), Backbone, and Bootstrap.
Identified and engaged all key stakeholders, contributors and business and technical resources that must participate in a projects and ensured that contributors are motivated to complete assigned tasks within the parameters of the project plan.
Created project plans using tools I developed that facilitate task listing, assignments, tracking and modification to ensure business requirements are completely satisfied, on time and within budget.

Environment: OOJS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery

BROOKHAVEN NATIONAL LABORATORY   - NSLS-II 	 	 	 	                               May 2013 – August 2013
Developer
Researched and documented a series “pros and cons” of using a AngularJS over EmberJS.
Created a detailed and cohesive thesis on documenting failures and “worst practices “ create better “best practices”.
Built a Web Client in AngularJS for a Python/DJANGO API that returned JSON variable over URL.

Environment: OOJS, Angular.JS, JQuery, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Backbone, Ember.JS, JSON, Python, PHP, Zend Framework
NAPW INC.   										    February 2012- February 2013
Web Developer
Utilized cutting-edge web technologies, especially HTML5, CSS 3, and OO JavaScript. Implemented latest jQuery, including updates to code-base for plug-ins (and removal of antiquated libraries). Introduced Backbone and Underscore JS libraries to architecture. Fixed (and reported) bug in jQuery 1.6 (IE6/7 bug) core library.
Moved three sites over to MuraCMS after successfully creating a “proof of concept” test model.
Designed and developed a content management system that housed our corporate website with Zend Framework and LAMP stack, that’s targeted for multiple regions and supported multiple languages.

Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, AJAX, LAMP, PHP, Zend Framework.